It was something that was always in the
background, but it never really bothered me very
much. Now, some people have said that there's sort
of a ring-knockers club with West Pointers, and as
far as promotions are concerned, they always look
for their own. What do you think about that? Is
there sort of a club? Do you move up the ladder of
success faster if you're a West Pointer, or
doesn't it make any difference? I think overall
that's true. I really do. I hate to say it. But I
think overall, in a general statement, I believe
that's correct.
Specifically, and on a case-by-case basis, why
there's plenty of good evidence that says that
that's not the case. But I think when you look at it
as a whole, I believe it would be. It's probably...
working there was probably a period right after
World War II and for many years thereafter when we
had so many integrated officers into the regular
army such as myself that were given the
opportunity to integrate into the regular army
that there was a preponderance then of officers
both senior and junior in the regular
establishment who were not West Pointers.
We may be gradually working to the point now where
that percentage is not as big as it was right after
World War II
When you were in the Corps of Cadets, did you hold a
position of leadership? No, no I was not. I sure
wasn't. Why do you think that was? Later you did so
well in the military. I don't really know. I guess
because
maybe I missed a lot by being in the athletics in the
football squad every fall. And I was not a Ross
volunteer and well I just don't really know and it
never never really bothered me particularly. I
felt I didn't feel any disappointment about it.
Did you feel that the Corps had any impact on you for
later becoming a general officer? No, I don't
think so, no. So you don't think it affected you one
way or the other as far as becoming a leader? No, I
don't think so.
Sure don't. What about the idea that some
journalists state that there's a military
mentality that there's a way that the military
does something and then there's a way that
businessmen do things. Do you believe in the
military mentality? No, I don't. I think that's a
fallacy and that's just a snap phrase or a
catchphrase that somebody has invented, much
like this concept that was that was attributed to
General Eisenhower of the military industrial
complex. He did make a statement about that in a
speech, but there's really no such thing as a
military industrial complex. I made several
speeches on that subject during my military
career and I think General Eisenhower, I've read
some things about his speech where he mentioned
that he didn't write that speech, it was written
for him, and people say that he never read it prior
to delivering it, or he never would have mentioned
the phrase military.
back there hoovering over the country, i.e. the
military industrial complex that dictates what
weapon systems we'll buy and how many and how much
and so forth. And I think that's just a bunch of
crap, really. I don't put any belief in it at all,
because if there was, I was certainly a part of it.
of being a part of it. Because in my last command at
the Defense Personnel Support Center, which was a
joint staff organization that was staffed, I had
Army, Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps officers,
and we had worldwide responsibility for all of the
clothing, all of
the medical and dental for all the armed forces.
And I had it during the Vietnam period and the
Vietnam build-up period and
in fiscal year 66 my total budget was 3.2 billion in
that one command. And the subsistence part of it,
the food part of it, was 1.3 billion, and the
clothing was about 1.1. And if there ever was an
opportunity for the military industrial
complex, the Burlington Mills, the J.P. Stevens,
the big weaving companies, and Hart, Schaffner,
and Marks, the big fabricating companies, to have
functioned, I certainly would have been
knowledgeable of it and had a part of it. And just
the opposite was the case because during that time
the whole country was in the throes of a very, very
good business boom. Business was booming and
civilian business was booming and Johnson was
trying to fight the war and to have guns and butter
too. And we couldn't get covered. We'd go out, our
procurement officers would go out with a
procurement to buy clothing, buy Air Force
clothing or Army clothing, and nobody would bid on
it. Nobody would bid on it. So what did we have to do?
Finally, after talking to the DOD and everybody,
they said, look, we're probably going to have to
implement the War Powers Act of directed orders,
directed procurement. And during World War II,
Congress passed a law which said that the
military, in wartime necessity, could place
orders directly upon American industry for them
to produce military supplies and equipment for
the war effort and that the Department of Commerce
would be the government agency to adjudicate any
claims or disputes arising between the military
and industry, and that the prices that we would
would pay for these directed orders and supplies
would be that which was adjudicated to be fair
market value by the Department of Commerce and so
on and so forth. And there was regulations set
forth about if you place an order on a company, they
had 30 days to appeal and so forth. So they told me
one day, they said, look, I think we're going to
have to use this wartime act. They said, we've
never used it before. And I think it was used one
time in World War II, but everybody in World War II
was patriotic and everybody wanted to do their
share. So I got the go-ahead from the DOD one Friday
afternoon. So I called all our clothing and
equipment people in and procurement people. I
said, look, we've got three or four million Air
Force and Army uniforms and Marine and everything
and Navy to buy here and we haven't got coverage on.
I said let's figure out and we know who the
potential suppliers are. Let's parcel it out and
prepare the telegrams for my signature and we'll
start sending them out tonight. And by Monday
morning, they worked all weekend and we sent out,
oh, about 190 to 200 telegrams to industry. Said,
we are hereby, under the War Powers Act of 1941, you
are hereby directed to produce 250,000 of this and
300,000
of that. Well, you can imagine the hue and cry that
resulted on Monday and Tuesday. why the goddamn
people in industry are flying in and driving in and
they're congressmen and everything and we're
just saying we're sorry there's a war going on now
you do it. You have 30 days to appeal if you don't
want to do it and the Department of Commerce will
adjudicate it and only two or three of them
appealed it. Every goddamn one of them took it and
we used it We used it hundreds of times during
Vietnam. Yeah. We directed them to do it. Just sent
them a damn telegram. You are hereby directed to
produce this. And we told them how much we were
paying for it and everything. And it was a fair
market. They all made money. They all made money by
it, but they just didn't want to interrupt their
civilian business. They said, well, we'll lose
all our civilian business. I said, well, that's
fine. What are the guys going to Vietnam going to
wear? What are they going to wear? And what are we
going to do for this and for that? So we didn't have
any problem. But if there was a
military-industrial complex, that would
certainly have been a good place for it to come
forth. There wasn't any. So I think- So you think
the whole idea of the military industrial complex
and military mentality are both a myth? They're a
myth. They certainly are. I think they're a myth.
Okay. Now let's start talking about when you
graduated. Did you have firm plans? Did you get a
job? Did you interview for jobs or did you want to go
into the military? After I didn't make the Army Air
Corps. I then went to Root. I was already, I already
knew how to fly. And I was, I wanted to go to work for a
major oil company and I did. I had one interview and
got a job and reported out to- This is 1934. This is
1934. I reported in September 1934 to the Gulf
after division off by car down to Crane, 35 miles
south of Odessa. Not even a railroad in Crane
County. And I went to work down there in a
connection gang. And I'm making 70 cents an hour.
Is that what you were making? Yeah, 70 cents an
hour. Did any of your other colleagues get jobs?
Yes. Or were there very few jobs? No, I think all of,
best of my knowledge, all of the All of the P.E. guys
got jobs. Most of them went to work for Humble,
which is now Exxon. I had sort of wanted to go to work
for Humble, and I asked for an interview. One of our
assistant professors was a former Humble guy, the
little shrimp, and he didn't like me for some
reason or another. But I didn't get the invitation
to come to Houston for an interview and I think it
was because of him. But anyway, I was happy to work
with Gov. They had a division office here in Fort
Worth and I had met through my father one of the guys
there, one of the superintendents there. And Gov
was strong in West Texas and I started to lean to
West Texas. So I was just thrilled to death to go to
work for golf. And there were six of us that
reported out there, six young college graduates.
There was... Were you all A&M? No, no, I was the only
A&M. Oh, okay, that's what I figured. There was one
from the Rolla School of Mines that later, that
lived with me out there. We lived in bunk houses. In
other words, Missouri. Yeah, in Missouri, Rolla,
Missouri. And another one from the University of
Pittsburgh. His family was friends of the
Mellons, the principal owners of Goff. Oh, there
was another Aggie, yeah. Del Brockett, E.D.
Brockett. And I'll tell you a little story about
Del. And you really ought to interview Del
Brockett. He never became a flag officer, but he
was a colonel. And a combat officer. How do you
spell his name? Brockett. E-D is initials.
B-R-O-C-K-E-T-T.
If you interview anybody, you ought to interview
him. Because Adele Brockett was a P.E. And he was in
that group. And we both worked in the same
connection gang. And I tell this story. Adele
probably... would be mad as hell, me tellin', he
probably wouldn't subscribe to it. But I,
whenever we were doin' a real tough job, like
layin' four-inch pipe and buckin' it with chain
tongs and pipe tongs, well, the gang foreman
would, you know, say, get the tongs and get that,
and Del would always get the lazy board or the dope
bucket, some easy job, see? and whenever we were
working in a cellar of a well or something, I was
always among the first guys to get down in the muck
and get dirty and Del would do his share, but his
would be a cleaner job, see. Well, Del Brockett
later became the chairman of the board of Gulf Oil.
That's why you ought to interview him. E.D.
Brockett, he's a distinguished alumni, has given
fifty or sixty thousand dollars, and E.D.
Brockett, Del Brockett, he lives now in Baton
Rouge. A hell of a nice guy. I really think a lot of
him. But he was, he became the chairman of the board
of Gulf Oil. And I think his salary, according to
poop I used to read in annual reports and
everything, I think his remuneration his last
year was about $300,000 salary and another two or
three hundred in bonuses and incentives and so
forth. So Dell is a wealthy man. I don't know how
many thousands of shares of Gulf stock he has now.
Probably has a retirement of 150 or 200,000 a year.
Is he retired now? Yeah, he's retired now. So, you
really ought to interview Dale Brockett. God
almighty, he had a brilliant combat record in the
South Pacific. He commanded a combat engineer
battalion, I think later a regiment. He was a full
colonel and I'm sure you could get a lot of good
comments and narrative from him about
what it takes and how he approached what he did to
become the titular head of about the fifth or sixth
largest oil company in the world.
Anyway, I was happy to go down there to Crane and I
really enjoyed every minute of it there. We worked
in this connection gang just like commonly
one day they, Adele was assigned to the
engineering department and they told me to report
to the drilling department. I worked out on the
deep test. They had a rotary rig running and
drilling a deep well, which we later got the
world's record at that time. We drilled to 12,786
Dell was in the engineering department taking
bottom hole pressures and things like that.
But this group of six all went on and worked their
whole careers with Gulf except me. I
worked about three years there
and
One day, one of the superintendents of Gulf that I
had become acquainted with, and he liked me, he
said, you know, he said, I had a call here the other
day from a supply house that we do a lot of business
with, wanting to know if we had an engineer that
would like to work for them. And he said, it's a
pretty good thing, monetarily, he said, Anybody
that would probably make more money quicker
working for a supply house as a sales engineer than
they would working for Gulf and coming up through
the ladder through the years. He says, would you be
interested? And I said, well, I might be, yeah. So
two, three days after that, they called me. And
wanted to know if I could come down to Beaumont for
an interview with Norville Wilder Supply
Company. So I did, and to make a long story short, I
went to work for him in the Houston office. And I was
helping sell pumping units and designing for sale
little reciprocating skid mounted gasoline
engine driven pumps for gathering systems for
pipelines and so forth. So I went to work for Norval
Wilder. And while I was working for them there in
Houston after about eight or nine months, I had a
lot of good friends in the Shell. And I was
approached one day and they said, look, we know
you're an engineer and we're trying to put
together a task force here, a super duper task
force to evaluate oil properties because Shell is
going to expand its production through
acquisition. And would you be interested? I said,
well, I don't know. I haven't been working here for
a while or very long. I've got a good job and I like
it. I just got married. And they said, well, this is
really going to be an opportunity. They said,
we're bringing a world-renowned geologist over
from The Hague that will teach this group the
techniques and so forth. The more they talked
about it, the more exotic it sounded. So I took the
job and went to work there in the top floor of the
Shell Building in Houston. About eight or ten
engineers and they brought this little Swiss, Dr.
Wilhelm from The Hague, that he was absolutely a
genius and about his theories on subsurface
analysis to analyze existing oil fields and
structures as to how much oil was going to be
recovered from them and what the value was and what
the future value would be. Shell had devised
certain guidelines of they wouldn't look at a
property unless it would show an average payout of
such and such and the average annual profit would
be at least 22% or something like that. So for about
three months, we just kind of went and had a
super-duper postgraduate course in subsurface
analysis and in Schlumberger law of
interpretation and correlation and some other
exotic theories. And then, meanwhile, the Land
Department of Shell was getting all these pieces
of
And Shell and the Land Department would submit
this lease down to this task group for our
recommendations. And then Wilhelm would parcel
it out to us. And we'd analyze it and write a report
on what our analysis was. And based on that, Shell
would either buy or not buy the properties. And it
just functioned beautifully. One of the guys that
was there was a famous West Point graduate and
all-American football player, Johnny Merle, who
was cashiered out of the Army because of an alleged
rape of a socialite at Fort San Houston in San
Antonio. And he was, he was kind of a, he wasn't a
good guy. He was kind of a rogue, but a very, very
brilliant guy and had been out of the service about
three years and had worked for Shell. And it was
really brilliant. And he later became the head of
McNaughton and Degalia Consulting Outfit in
Dallas, which is the most famous oil consulting
firm in the world. Johnny Merle was, he's, I think
he's, no, he's not still the head of it. There's
another ex-Aggie the head of it. But Johnny Merle
was in this group there, this evaluation group.
And of course I was intrigued by knowing him and
learning about all his days at West Point when he
was an all-American halfback. But he was really a
rogue. Were you working for Shell then? I worked
for Shell then, yeah. Well, this thing functioned
like a house of fire for about a year. And then
Norval Wilder was going to expand and go into West
Texas and build some stores. And they contacted me
and said, look, you want to come back to work for us?
And we want you to go out to Midland and be our
division manager and build a couple of stores in
some of the new fields. And this more or less gave me
a blank check. So I said, yeah, I will. I said, I've
learned about all I can learn here in this hotshot
group. And it was really fascinating. Every day
was just like a joy to go to work because there's
something new every day. And I got a lot of personal
satisfaction out of it. So I went back out to West
Texas and set myself up in Midland and built a store
in Monahans for Norwood Wilder, which is west of
Midland, and worked there. got an interest in an
airplane, a little yellow bomber. We call it the
yellow peril, a little Piper Cub. Five of us formed
a flying club and bought it. One of them was a former
Navy carrier pilot, and he polished everybody's
flying skills up on it. And so this was late in 1940.
and we went happily along there for six or seven
months. And lo and behold, one day I landed the
plane at Midland, at the Midland Airport. It was a
small army detachment for refueling and for
weather gathering purposes. There was a couple of
sergeants, a couple of master sergeants, and five
or six other enlisted men. the planes from
Randolph and Kelly would come through on cross
country and they'd stop there for refueling
before they went on to El Paso. And they ran a little
weather station too. And I'd been up to Yoakum
County in the Piper Cub and we had these Air Force
guys, Air Corps guys kind of looking after our
plane and we for that we This Navy pilot taught a
couple of them to fly. And they'd polish our plane
up, and they'd give us safety wire. Of course, they
had a little spare part, and they'd give us spark
plugs. God knows how much free Army Air Corps stuff
we got from them. Well, anyway, I was taxiing. I'd
been up to Yoakum County and was taxiing up to our
little hangar. The sergeant was running across
the field waving a yellow piece of paper.
He said, I hadn't even cut the switch on the plane
yet. He hollered, he said, I didn't know you were a
reserve officer. I said, yeah. So I cut the switch
and I said, what the hell's cutting? He said, I got a
Twix for you over our weather network from
Washington. I said, well, who's it signed by? He
said, well, it's signed by somebody named
Gregory. He said... I said, who is that? He said, I
don't know, but he must be a high ranking guy. He
wouldn't be signing messages. So asking me would I
come on duty for one year to help in the activation
and design of military pipeline companies. Now at
this time, had you been going to any reserve
meetings? I hadn't been going to any meetings, but
I had gone to camp. I'd gone to camp every year since
I graduated. So a two-week camp in the summer?
Yeah, a two-week camp. And what rank were you by
then? I was first lieutenant. First lieutenant,
sure was. First lieutenant in the Field Artillery
Reserve and my last camp had been at Fort D.A.
Russell in Marfa, Texas. It was a 105 millimeter
howitzer outfit down there that I was assigned to.
Artillery outfit, because I was artillery, field
artillery reserve. And it turns out that Gregory
was a quartermaster general in Washington. And
asking me would I come on duty for one year to help
design and buy the equipment and for this military
pipeline company, which was a new concept of a
military organization to lay pipelines so that we
could push forward by pipeline diesel fuel and
gasoline for tanks and vehicles and make it easier
to supply and support armored columns and so
forth. And this was a quick laying, a Victaulic
couple pipeline you lay right on top of the ground.
You lay it real fast. So it... Is it pretty
lightweight pipe? Not real lightweight. No, it's
steel pipe. It's not aluminum, it's steel pipe.
No, it weighs, the four inch I guess, it weighs
about Mmm, three pounds per foot.
Well anyway... And so it was considered the idea,
what was the idea behind it? Could you tell me a
little bit about that? Why did they want to do that
instead of have, have gasoline trucks? Because
this was much better than having gasoline trucks.
It would give you a, a logistic line of support more
dependable than a vehicle, which uses fuel as
well. And it's most efficient. It's the most
efficient way to move liquid products of anything
is by pipeline. And so I was really, I was just
shocked. Hell, I just built a house in Midland, my
wife is pregnant. And I had a good job and of course
the war was coming, you could see that. This was in
December 1940.
Late December 1940. I guess it was around
Christmas or may have been between Christmas and
New Year's because I remember it was cold out there
in West Texas then.
And I The sergeant said, you can send an answerer
back over the net. He said, I can put it on the
teletype for you. I said, well, hell, I can't
answer it today. I've got to think about this. I've
got to talk to my company. So we pondered about it.
And I was sure that we were going to be involved in
the war, because we were already, you know, we had
to draft. And we were already mobilizing and
already in Lend-Lease.
So I talked to my Lip Norville, whose office was
here in Fort Worth, and told him what the telegram
that I've got. Asked me to come on duty for a year. He
said, well, why don't you go ahead? And he said,
we'll pay the difference between your salary and
first lieutenant. We'll. Really? Yeah. And we'll
pay. Gee whiz. How nice. We'll pay in the social
security for you. We'll pay into Social Security
for you. And he said, I presume they'll pay your
travel and move your wife up to Washington, won't
they? I said, well, I guess they will. I know
they'll pay my travel. He said, well, if they won't
pay for Sue going up there, we'll pay for her going
up there. And they were real nice about it. No
kidding. So about a week or 10 days later, I went out
to the airport and I said, let's send an answer to
this message. So I did and told them I would. And so
early in January, I got back a reply from ordering
me to go to the hospital in El Paso, William
Beaumont General Hospital, for a final type
physical, which I did. in which I passed and they
sent it on to Horsman. Then about three weeks after
that I flew the Piper Cub out there to El Paso.
Bucked headwinds all the way, took about four
hours to fly that, no about three hours to fly that
300 odd miles to El Paso. In about three weeks, two
or three weeks after that I got orders. directing
me to report to Washington on the 8th of March.
So that started off. I drove up there and reported.
My wife came on up in about two weeks. Our son was
born in May.
There were about six other five, five other
patrols of engineers they had brought on duty. And
we, we all had, we all had had some experience with
pipeline gathering systems and pumps, so
everybody was pretty well zeroed in on it. And we
all had about the same idea as, oh hell, it didn't
take us but about six weeks. We, we had worked out a
table of equipment And what we felt would be that
the capabilities of an organization of this size
made up a list of materials which was approved very
quickly to buy six sets of it. And in about four
months time, the stuff started rolling in to Fort
Belvoir, Virginia, right there. Near
Washington. Well, after we got this thing
launched, Well, I then had nothing further to do
with the Military Pipeline Company. I later, in
later life, later service, had a lot to do with it in
Japan after the war. But during World War II then, I
hadn't gotten along so well there in the staff
capacity that Christ, they wouldn't let me go out
to Belvoir to help run the thing after we had given
birth to it. There's another guy and I that they
kept back there, and we were kept in planning and
other logistic assignments. Well, after these
four months, were you eager to get back to the
civilian job then? Well I was on duty for a year see
and I was ordered to duty for a year and lo and behold
in December the 7th Pearl Harbor came and that had
ended the year. I was in for the duration then. Yes I
was anxious but they said well no can't let you off
now. You can get off when your year is up but before
that
So that's how it all started. And
I guess if I had it to do over, I don't believe I would
change the scenario any, really. Even after the
war was over and I came back to civilian life, I had
an opportunity to go to work for the Coleman
Company that makes the lanterns and everything. I
got very well acquainted with Sheldon Coleman.
He's the chairman of the Coleman Company and he's
the son of the old man Coleman whom I also met early
in the war. I got really acquainted with those guys
I guess through some of the extra effort in
activities I engaged in, which I'm sure didn't
hurt my career at all. But early in the war, about
the time we were, no, early, long before we got in
the war, when we were working on this military
pipeline concept, I read some of these reports of
the British fighting in Libya, and British
armoured, and how they were moving their fuel, One
thing that always intrigued me was they were
always talking about making tea or heating bully
beef and everything and they had really no little
stove to do it with. And they would hollow out a
little hole in the sand and kind of coop it up and put
a little hole and pour some petrol in there and
light it and then hold a pan or a container over it
while it burned. to heat water to make tea or to heat
a mess kit that had bully beef in it and stew.
Whereas if they had a little stove, well it would
have been a neat little thing. So I got the idea one
day and I mentioned it to one of the research people
there in the Quartermaster General's office. I
said why don't we, why don't we build a, why don't we
design a a little stove that armored units or that
people in vehicles would have and they could cook a
meal in the field. Even heat up combat rations, sea
rations, or at least heat water to shave with or
coffee. And this guy that I talked to, I forget who
he was, He said, we've got a stove. He said, the
mountain troops, and we had a few mountain troops.
He said, they've got a little stove to melt the wax
for skis, to melt ski wax, to put on skis. And I said,
well, where is one of them? Have you seen one? He
said, yeah. So he got one and showed it to me. And I
said, well, hell, we could start with this thing.
It was made by Coleman. So. What did it look like? It
was a little small square container and had a
little top and a little burner unit very similar to
gasoline lantern and you pumped air into this
little fount where the gasoline was and you then
got a little pressurized vapor and you turned the
burner on and lit it. So, I said, we could really
make something here if we take this thing and
design a container to carry it and let this
container, this carrying case, be the container
also to heat water in and stuff like that. A double
purpose thing. So he said, well, this Coleman
representative comes around here occasionally.
I said, well, who is he? So he looked it up, and I
called him up. I said, look, we've got a wild idea
here. And I said, maybe you can do something. Maybe
we can work something up. I had no charter to do
anything like this. And I went to one of the senior
officers in the plans or operations branch, and I
told him, he said, well, we have no requirement for
anything like that. And I said, well, I know we
don't, but someday we might have a requirement, or
maybe we ought to develop a requirement for it. So
the Coleman guy came, and I told him what my idea
was, and we discussed it. And he said, well, let us
play around with it a little bit. So he apparently
passed the information on out to Wichita, to their
home office. Two, three days, a young Sheldon
Coleman called me. The old man was still alive then
and running the company. And he said, we're
intrigued by your idea here of a little military
one-burner stove. And we believe that we can do
something with it and make a container, a carrying
case out of aluminum that would serve as a
container and also serve as something that you
could heat water in, particularly the top of it,
because the bottom might get the smell of gasoline
a little bit with the fount sitting on it. And I
said, well, the brass around here says we don't
have a requirement for it, but maybe we would if
people knew that we had such a thing. So he said,
well, I'm coming to Washington in two or three
weeks, and we'll bring a hand-fabricated model
in. So they did. And they showed it to me first. So I
got a hold of this colonel and I told him what we had
and I said, would you like for us to bring it up there
and let me show it to you and Mr. Coleman show it to
you? He said, yeah, come ahead. So we did. He was
intrigued by it and of course he said, we still
don't, you know, we don't have a requirement for
anything like this. So he took it into his boss, we
all traipsed into his office And he was intrigued
with it. This last guy was named Charlie Hoss, and
he was a colonel.
But we just passed the time of day, and they said,
well, if we think we can do something with this or
there is a great need for it, well, we'll be back in
touch with you, telling Sheldon Coleman. So about
three weeks after that, Sheldon left and he left me
the little hand-fabricated thing. I put it in my
desk. I took it and I tried it out. It worked fine.
But, you know, we were busy on a lot of other things.
I think we were, I forget what the hottest projects
were then, but Pearl Harbor had already happened
then and we were working on
We were already working on the G4 annex for the
landings in North Africa, for the North African
invasion. And a little bit later, took a couple of
weeks after that, Colonel Haas came around and he
said, say that stove that Mr. Coleman had in here.
He says, was that our idea or his idea? I said, well,
really it was our basic idea and we told them.
They've patterned our idea into some flesh and
bones. And he said, you know, he said, I think we can
squeeze a little money and we might buy a few of
them. And I said, well, that's fine. He says, how
many do you suppose we could buy for $10,000 if I
could get that much off of one of these other
projects? And I said, I don't know, but I'll sure
find out quick. So I called Sheldon out in Wichita
and I said, how many of those stoves can you buy, can
we buy for $10,000? And he says, well, we'll have to
buy the dyes first and we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll,